One day I was with my friends. We were having a picnic in a field, and I saw something strange.
There was a white cat with a pink nose sitting in a tree. There's nothing strange about
that, of course, but it looked like it was eating the leaves in the tree. That was strange.
Cats don't usually eat leaves.
Maybe it's very hungry, I thought.
While I was looking at it, the cat got out of the tree, jumped down to the ground,
and walked across the field and sat next to us.
Maybe it wanted some of our picnic to eat, but there was nothing for a cat.
The cat got up and came close to me. I talked to it, and it smiled at me.
Was it a chesher cat?
I found some biscuits in my pocket and gave them to the cat. Soon it was eating biscuits and
smiling at us. Then, after a while, the cat got up and walked across the field.
Maybe it wasn't hungry anymore.